---
layout: post
title: "Book List"
date: 2017-08-22
---

### Audible and Audiobooks
About a year ago, my friend introduced me to this app called Audible and how it was an incredibly convenient way of going through more books. This was exciting because I have quite a few books on my "to-read" list, but I was skeptical that changing the format would magically give me more time. However, this summer, I downloaded the app and started listening to book while riding public transportation and on the way to work. Amazingly, it worked! I squeezed 2.5 books into random in-between moments: When Breath Becomes Air, by Paul Kalanithi, How to Win Friends and Influence People, by Dale Carnegie, and Being Mortal, by Atul Gawande. It wasn't perfect, of course. I couldn't slow down at the good parts, and it was more annoying to rewind than to reread if I missed something. Nothing really compares to having the weight and the feel of a paper book in your hands. Still, it reminded me of the value and excitement of a good story, and I started reading real paper books again too. I hope to provide my reflections on my favorite books as I go. 

### Books to Review
1. When Breath Becomes Air, Paul Kalanithi
2. How to Win Friends and Influence People, Dale Carnegie
3. Writings on an Ethical Life, Peter Singer


### Books to Finish/Get To
1. Being Mortal, Atul Gawande
2. Reinventing American Health Care, Ezekiel Emmanuel
3. Hillbilly Elegy, J.D. Vance
4. Algorithms to Live By, Brian Christian and Tom Griffiths
5. The Mismeasure of Man, Stephen Jay Gould

### Other Readings
1. James Damore's Manifesto


